10th PASS MASTER — STAGE 10 STEP 30
MASTER SOFTWARE TEST / FINAL VERIFICATION

Purpose:
Before adding new features, verify that the existing application is structurally correct and works with the local PostgreSQL database and browser.

PART A — Automatic file/syntax test
1. Open Command Prompt in the project folder.
2. Run:
   node tools/master-software-test.js
3. Every important line should show PASS.
4. If it says FAIL, do not continue to new feature development; send me the exact FAIL lines.

PART B — Backend + PostgreSQL live test
1. Start PostgreSQL.
2. Open pgAdmin and confirm database MahaCHS is available.
3. Open Command Prompt in the backend folder.
4. Start the backend using the same command you have been using successfully (for example: node server.js).
5. Confirm the terminal shows the backend listening/working and PostgreSQL connected.
6. Keep this window open.

PART C — Student browser test
Open the student index.html through the same local method used previously.
Test in this order:
1. New student login with name + 10 digit mobile.
2. Logout.
3. Login again with the same mobile — it should say Welcome back.
4. Open subjects.
5. Open a chapter.
6. Open a question.
7. Test Hint / Easy Answer.
8. Mark I Know This.
9. Mark Need Revision.
10. Refresh and confirm progress remains.
11. Logout and login again; confirm progress remains.
12. Open Smart Revision.
13. Open 30-Day PASS Study Challenge.
14. Complete one daily action and refresh; confirm completion remains.
15. Open Mock Test.
16. Complete an MCQ test only when MCQ-ready questions exist.
17. Confirm score/result appears.
18. Open Exam Analysis and confirm the test appears in history.

PART D — Admin browser test
1. Open admin.html.
2. Confirm subjects/chapters load.
3. Search a chapter.
4. Open/manage questions.
5. Add a test question only if needed; do not create duplicate production questions.
6. Confirm edit/deactivate functions.
7. Open Content Progress.
8. Open Question Quality Audit.
9. Open MCQ readiness/editor.
10. Open Exam History.

PART E — Database safety checks
Do NOT delete production data.
Use SELECT queries only for verification unless a specific repair is requested.
Useful checks:
- SELECT COUNT(*) FROM subjects;
- SELECT COUNT(*) FROM chapters;
- SELECT COUNT(*) FROM questions;
- SELECT COUNT(*) FROM students;
- SELECT COUNT(*) FROM mock_tests;

IMPORTANT:
The internal target of 20 active questions per chapter is an app content target, not an official Maharashtra Board passing requirement.

What to send me after testing:
A) The output of: node tools/master-software-test.js
B) Any red/error message from the backend terminal
C) A screenshot if a browser page does not behave correctly

Then I will fix only the failed item before we add the next feature.
